README.rst, before:

Tests to check stacklight

Prerequisites:
==============

Code requirements:
------------------
Install requirements with 'pip install -r requirements.txt'

Prepared environment:
---------------------
Tests requires 'deploy_toolchain' in https://github.com/openstack/stacklight-integration-tests:

.. code:: bash

    export PYTHONPATH="$PYTHONPATH:/home/some_user/fuel-qa"
    export UPDATE_MASTER=true
    export UPDATE_FUEL_MIRROR='http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/os-2016-06-23-135731/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/proposed-2016-09-22-152322/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/updates-2016-06-23-135916/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/holdback-2016-06-23-140047/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/security-2016-06-23-140002/x86_64'
    export EXTRA_DEB_REPOS='mos-proposed,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-proposed main restricted|mos-updates,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-updates main restricted|mos-holdback,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-holdback main restricted|mos-security,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-security main restricted'
    export ENV_NAME=stacklight
    export VENV_PATH=../fuel-devops-venv
    export ISO_PATH=/home/some_user/fuel-9.0-mos-495-2016-06-16_18-18-00.iso
    export NODES_COUNT=4

    # You can download plugins from some srvX server (requires access to server)
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-elasticsearch-kibana/elasticsearch_kibana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-influxdb-grafana/.build/rpm/RPMS/noarch/influxdb_grafana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-lma-collector/lma_collector-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-lma-infrastructure-alerting/lma_infrastructure_alerting-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma

    export ELASTICSEARCH_KIBANA_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/elasticsearch_kibana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    export INFLUXDB_GRAFANA_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/influxdb_grafana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    export LMA_COLLECTOR_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/lma_collector-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    export LMA_INFRA_ALERTING_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/lma_infrastructure_alerting-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    ./utils/jenkins/system_tests.sh -t test -w $(pwd) -j fuelweb_test -i $ISO_PATH -kK -o --group=deploy_toolchain


Run tests
=========
You are needed to generate config from fuel to run tests now:
PYTHONPATH=".:$PYTHONPATH" python config/fuel_config.py
There is also need to install in Your venv python-fuelclient from stable mitaka
https://github.com/openstack/python-fuelclient/tree/stable/mitaka

After file 'fixtures/config.yaml' is generated You can run tests.

To view initial tests in test_alerts.py just type 'pytest'. They are using
default settings from deployment. Later it is going to be configured.

Commit message:

Refactor OpenStack clients manager
Most useful openstack clients implemented.
Dynamic initialization for OSClients from config added
(values are got from fuel on config build stage).
Elasticsearch client with initialization added.
Readme appended.
Useful utils to append host machine hosts file with fuel hostname added.
Test for os clients added (can be removed after code stabilization).

README.rst, after:

Tests to check stacklight

Prerequisites:
==============

Code requirements:
------------------
Install requirements with 'pip install -r requirements.txt'

Prepared environment:
---------------------
Tests requires 'deploy_toolchain' in https://github.com/openstack/stacklight-integration-tests:

.. code:: bash

    export PYTHONPATH="$PYTHONPATH:/home/some_user/fuel-qa"
    export UPDATE_MASTER=true
    export UPDATE_FUEL_MIRROR='http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/os-2016-06-23-135731/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/proposed-2016-09-22-152322/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/updates-2016-06-23-135916/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/holdback-2016-06-23-140047/x86_64 http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/centos/mos9.0-centos7/snapshots/security-2016-06-23-140002/x86_64'
    export EXTRA_DEB_REPOS='mos-proposed,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-proposed main restricted|mos-updates,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-updates main restricted|mos-holdback,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-holdback main restricted|mos-security,deb http://mirror.seed-cz1.fuel-infra.org/mos-repos/ubuntu/snapshots/9.0-2016-09-22-142322 mos9.0-security main restricted'
    export ENV_NAME=stacklight
    export VENV_PATH=../fuel-devops-venv
    export ISO_PATH=/home/some_user/fuel-9.0-mos-495-2016-06-16_18-18-00.iso
    export NODES_COUNT=4

    # You can download plugins from some srvX server (requires access to server)
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-elasticsearch-kibana/elasticsearch_kibana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-influxdb-grafana/.build/rpm/RPMS/noarch/influxdb_grafana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-lma-collector/lma_collector-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma
    scp srvX-bud.infra.mirantis.net:/home/jenkins/workspace/plugins/fuel-plugin-lma-infrastructure-alerting/lma_infrastructure_alerting-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm /home/some_user/lma

    export ELASTICSEARCH_KIBANA_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/elasticsearch_kibana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    export INFLUXDB_GRAFANA_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/influxdb_grafana-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    export LMA_COLLECTOR_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/lma_collector-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    export LMA_INFRA_ALERTING_PLUGIN_PATH=/home/some_user/lma/lma_infrastructure_alerting-1.0-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm
    ./utils/jenkins/system_tests.sh -t test -w $(pwd) -j fuelweb_test -i $ISO_PATH -kK -o --group=deploy_toolchain


Run tests
=========
You need to generate config from fuel to run tests now:
   PYTHONPATH=".:$PYTHONPATH" python config/fuel_config.py

After file 'fixtures/config.yaml' is generated it is worth adding
OpenStack clients endpoing hostname to /etc/hosts:
   sudo python host_utils.py

After adding endpoint hostname to hosts file you can run tests.

To view initial tests in test_alerts.py just type 'pytest'. They are using
default settings from deployment. Later it is going to be configured.
